alright I'm just down here on me testing
ground having a bit of breakfast
said color tinnies and we got a half
pint of vodka now there's that pussy
bear grylls guys around eatin stuff I
bet he doesn't have a half a pint of
vodka with its arrange when his ice cube
nope you only see longbow odds have
enough for breakfast okay on with the
video this is a Daisy power line eight
five six it's actually a piece of shit
and its maximum range is about 25 yards
if you're lucky
but I've invented a new method of firing
an air gun like this and today we're
gonna be shooting we're gonna be hitting
targets with this using my method at 500
yards 500 yards for the this little
Daisy how about the air gun and I'm not
glad elion okay the Daisy a five six I'm
gonna be shooting the target at 500
yards okay my assistant here is going to
show you the standard stance for firing
a puny two foot-pounds air rifle okay
it's in the standard stance now drew
here we are and firing this air rifle in
this manner well I should think the
philosophy and the trajectory will be
lit it will hit the ground about there
but next we'll show you the new Oz air
rifle booster firing method
okay now drew is going to use the the
routine we use to boost this rifles
performance to 100 yards range okay when
you're ready drew
okay I'm all set up here I've got the
rest of you breakfast we've got the
target over there it's safely 1/2 meters
away it's system dhruv's down this track
about 500 meters okay we're gonna try it
close up at first then we're gonna move
out to a thousand okay drew are you
ready okay
fire at will over and out
was anywhere near it no Joe you did not
get the target your about point one of
one degree north of the target okay so
try and get it right next time
okay all right we'll need to be one
hundredth of a degree to the right okay
okay
fire at will don't need any of the other
stuff
okay three point zero zero five of a
degree north okay you sure you're not
missing me on that you're not having a
laugh of me okay I will get it right
this time
bang on your thing on at 500 meters
that's amazing
we've set a world record
yes true that was fantastic there's one
small balloon left your bang on target
just put another shop where you for the
last one try not to hit any more of a
gear okay I'll listen after the shot
the aftergut is hurt it
you